# Client Meeting Notes
*Notes are from Mikey (designated notetaker for the client meetings)*

## Week 1 (Oct. 1st, 2021) 
- Going over who got her mailing address
- Going over 2 step for login
- Everybody on team 0 has her number
- Gitlab has the backend src code
- She should send out a ranking of what features she wants (expect email)
- Alternate names?
- Alternate name doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/175KGbHxIUR6pLxlL-egc8o8aHFKXiS9WaBZQNrkXyU0/edit?usp=sharing
- Timeline on getting the old code running
- Estimate on how many people we need to test the site (5-10 long term testing, as well as in class testing with fellow students)
- To-do: get old code up and running before next meeting
- Discord thinks shes a robot

## Week 2 (Oct. 8th, 2021)
- All teams have the frontend working, but backend is giving everyone trouble
- Cody reached out to a previous dev to get help, said to set up .env to install dependencies, didn’t work
- Kimberlee could contact other 2 devs who worked on the backend, see if they know a trick to get it to work
- Cass’s team is thinking about reworking the backend altogether
- Cody saw the files on the db were all different types, and wants to swap the db other to mongodb
- Cass suggested having the previous team to screen record them setting the db up
- Kimberlee said she would send that idea to them
- Backend currently has a lot of features implemented, would be a pain to rebuild
- Kimberlee sent out a figma file detailing how the site would work https://www.figma.com/file/2oLK2HMwCJLuErpx9zilWb/The-Unforgotten-Ones?node-id=0%3A1
- Kimberlee has another person Cody could contact who works at Telus, she hasn't reviewed the code
- Kimberlee suggested meeting on discord next week instead of google meets
- Will be meeting in all teams discord next week

## Week 3 (Oct. 15th, 2021)
- Working on backend, Mikey is trying to validate keys in the .env file
- Amy Cheng introduced herself
- Cody brought decided to get the backend running while we were in the meeting
- Ali shared his screen, showed that the backend had no errors
- Ali’s screen showed an unauthorized response
- Cody shared his screen, also having issues running backend
- Amy said she would set up her environment and check this out over the weekend
- Have another meeting on monday or tuesday

## Week 4 (Oct. 22nd, 2021)
- Going over who still needs to get the backend running, Cass needs to get the data to load
- Gerald is getting a unique error when running his backend, will post error to the 3 teams discord
- Anyone who is having errors should post the error with the @everyone tag
- Going over where the database is stored
- Verifying if people are a healer or a client - possible feature
- Admin dashboard to remove inappropriate and/or illegal accounts - possible feature
	- Remove/disable healers and clients
	- Reporting mechanism
	- Removing ads
- Kimberless can verify accounts after they’ve been created, to not slow down the sign up process
- Simple layout, don’t need to know a lot about the backend to use
- Kimberlee thinks search and location are good features to implement first
- She’ll create a list of tags to search by
- Users should be able to tag what they were dealing with/ what they were getting help with in their review of a healer
- Add map to show healers close to the user
- Search bar shown under global healing network box/just above browse our healers
- Might be hard to validate if a person is a proper healer or not 
- Discussing insurance and the legality of the healers, see if there needs to be anything done code-wise
- Get everyone using the backend by monday
- Stripe will be used for payment
- If there needs to be any systems up and running, let kimberlee know
- Cody will come up with the exact question to ask the former students about the database

## Week 5 (Oct 29th, 2021)
- Going over how every team is doing, team 0 is getting started on some of the features
- Cass’s team has been focusing a lot on the database, hosted on a new server and a new design
- They have been working on the dashboard as well
- Cody shared some of his work in the meeting
- From the dashboard you can query for appointments, clients, and users
- Ali will record a video to send to the previous team about the database

## (Jan 21st, 2021)
- Hassan brought up how the booking and payment systems implemented by the previous group are not working properly. The time slot doesn’t show up.
- Kimberlee mentioned she wants different currency options on the Stripe payment system and Hassan suggested adding Paypal.
- Kimberlee referred all the teams to the original email and suggested contacting the previous team to clear up the confusion around the   booking system.
- Talked about getting Kimberlee to sign up for the Google Maps API.
- Ali talked about what he plans to do this semester (the dashboard).
- Cody asked what assets such as logos Kimberlee wants to use on the newer version of the site.
- Kimberlee will send out a folder with all the website assets