# Group Meeting Notes

## Week 1 (Oct. 1, 2021)
- Brainstorm name and logo because branding is already taken by another Facebook page. Potential names: Spiritfinder, Spiritchaser, Oraclefinder, Vitality, Eden, Gemstone, Amber, Symposium, Haven, Sanctuary, Wellness, Passage
- Create social media accounts for advertising.
- Talk about verifying healers' credentials to prevent scammers.
- Bring up privacy concerns with payment feature concerns.
- Get contacts for previous groups and other current groups.
- Log all the login credentials on the Discord server.
- Thought about planning an overview session for the current codebase with the previous developers.

-Determined which features are the most important (with the help of the client) to get started on after we get access.
1) Mapping the healer locations to pair up with their ideal clients.
- Considered which mapping API to use through research.
- Cleared up questions about the user experience of the mapping software.
2) Search engines that include different mental health issues people may be facing.
- Considered ways users can search for healers. Name, location, specialty, etc.
3) highlighting the scheduler for booked appointments and helping to make it compatible with Google calendars and Outlook calendars.

-Determined which features can be put on the backburner for later in development.
1) Beta testing with real users
- Thought about what audience we want to test with.
- Brought up that we can test the software with our classmates.
    
## Week 2 (Oct. 8th, 2021)
- Established that the current codebase needs to be overhauled because none of the teams working on this project have been able to get the system running or gain and understanding of the code.
- Asked the group if they are open to rebuilding the backend to improve maintainability.
- Discussed Kimberlee's opinion on this decision.
- Considered the components there that we would have to redesign (payment system, booking system, review system).
- If we rebuild it we can use API's like (ie. https://calendly.com/ for a booking system).
- Cody brought up his email conversation with Jen (one of the previous developers) to get the website working
- Discussed why we got 50% on our last gitstats report. Cody and Jason explained why and showed some conversations they had with the prof and TA.
- We decided we all need to start moving conversations from Discord to Github so that a log of our progress is more available to the professor and TA's.
- Shared videos on how to learn a few of the technologies that have been used already in the development of the app.
- Made sure everybody consistently checks the repository to approve pull requests.
